♪ MTV ♪
[insects trilling]
♪ slow, somber music ♪
♪
You don't want me to drive you?
Well, Ryan's downstairs.
[exhales]
Let me drive you.
It's an hour
in the wrong direction, Beth.
I can't do this for a year.
Well, you're gonna
have to, honey.
No. I'll send Lloyd.
You come home with me.
You know,
there's rules to this thing.
Ranch manager stays
with the herd.
As much as I'd rather
be with you,
my duty's at the ranch.
No more surprise visits.
Let me know,
and I can carve out some time.
I'll work with the ranch and see
if we can rent a house
or something.
- Conjugal visits at the ranch?
- [chuckles]
I'll take it however
I can get it.
Stay at a motel.
I don't want you driving
through the night.
Fuck that.
I'll take two Adderall,
be home before sunrise.
[laughs]
Thank you for this.
Right back at you.
I love you.
♪
[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ "Temporary Town"
by Charles Wesley Godwin ♪
♪
[engine running]
♪ There's a tide turning ♪
♪ In this temporary town ♪
♪ Winds of change ♪
♪ Cut east blowing dust... ♪
How'd you get all that in there?
The same way
we're gonna get it out.
Except backwards.
That almost makes sense, baby.
Makes perfect sense.
♪ And dreams of swinging ♪
♪ On our porch
gandering ridgelines ♪
♪ I could take your hand ♪
♪ And leap across the border ♪
♪ Give a little gas ♪
♪ And ride off
towards higher ground ♪
♪ Make a piece of heaven near
♪ Some old forgotten town ♪
♪ And let the world pass by ♪
♪ Till there's no
turning around ♪
♪ Let the world pass by ♪
♪ Till there's no
turning around... ♪
Well, now it's crooked.
You have fallen on your head
too many times, baby.
It's straight.
Does that look straight to you?
- I'm staying out of this.
- ♪ Bluebird song ♪
♪ Till the days
we're hard of hearing... ♪
[Monica in distance]
Don't touch it.
I wasn't.
[engine revving]
[instructor over speaker]
The fastest way to a man's heart
- is his stomach.
- The fuck it is.
Now you try.
[speaking Italian]
[instructor speaking Italian]
- I know fucking Italian.
- How did you do?
I fucking crushed it.
Okay.
I think we should bless it.
Let's bless it.
When did we start doing that?
Well, we have a home and food,
and we should be grateful.
Plenty don't have either.
Why don't you say a blessing
for us, Tate?
[Tate]
Uh...
Good bread, good meat,
good God, let's eat.
Hey. You are where
he gets it from.
I didn't say anything.
Well, that's my point.
Okay, I'll do it.
Grandfather, thank you
for this gift of life.
For this land,
for the creatures upon it
and the nourishment
they bring our bodies.
And thank you for my family
and the nourishment
they give my soul.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
[sighs]
All our relations. Amen.
[sniffles]
- Oh, God...
- [Tate] Mom, why are you crying?
So emotional.
[sniffles] I'm just happy.
I'm crying 'cause I'm happy.
Must be that time of the month.
- [Kayce clears throat]
- I'm just happy.
Well, we're all happy, baby.
- Aren't we, son?
- Ow.
Yes. Damn.
"Dang."
Dang. I'm happy, all right?
[chuckles]
Our own little home.
And now they're kissing. Great.
Get a room. Oh, wait,
you've got one upstairs.
[laughter]
[radio playing indistinctly]
[host] ...get ready for
the jobs report later this week.
Joining us is Michael James,
the chief marketing strategist
at James Analytics.
Michael, good morning to you.
[Michael]
Morning.
[host]
So, let's dive into
- what we're seeing af--
- [radio shuts off]
[insects chirping]
♪ pulsing, suspenseful music ♪
♪
[muffled grunting]
[whispers]
You're good.
[grunts]
♪
Three, two, one.
[gasps]
[exhales]
[guard]
Dispatch, I have shots fired
at the governor's residence.
Send additional units and EMS.
[dispatch] 10-4, 16-Alpha,
additional units
and EMS dispatching
to your location.
♪ dark, tense music ♪
♪
- [line ringing]
- [exhales]
[phone buzzing]
Hey, baby. You make it?
Hey, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Well, something's wrong.
- Well, what's wrong?
- Well, I don't know.
Something.
Honey, I told you to get a room.
You've been driving all night,
your mind starts
- to play tricks on you.
- No, it's not that.
Well, listen, if you get tired,
I want you to pull over.
You promise?
- Promise.
- All right.
I got to go. I love you.
I love you.
♪ dark, discordant music ♪
♪
Dispatch, I have a 10-56.
Jesus.
[dispatch]
10-56, copy.
Adding 10-55D to your location.
Can you identify the victim?
It's the governor.
GSW to the temple.
Victim is John Dutton.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
♪
[insects chirping]
You awake?
Yeah.
Bad dream?
Maybe.
Kayce, you're sweating.
[phone buzzing]
♪ tense, suspenseful music ♪
It wasn't a dream.
[sighs]
Hello?
♪ pulsing, dramatic music
♪
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
[conversing indistinctly]
[camera shutters clicking]
How are you holding up, Jamie?
It's, um...
It's a lot to process.
Yeah, well, it...
it's gonna take time.
You're gonna blame him
and you're gonna blame yourself,
and both are wastes of time.
Trust me.
Just let yourself grieve.
Okay?
And then let yourself forgive.
I'll try.
[camera shutters clicking]
Steven.
Senator Perry.
Congratulations.
I don't think that's the word.
This is an obligation,
not a victory, Jamie.
Well, it's
a victory for the state.
They lost a strong leader.
They could use another one.
Look, I admired your father,
but I do not
share his philosophy
on what is best for Montana.
Well, neither do I.
Meet in my office after this?
Happy to.
Be careful what you undo, Jamie.
And who you undo it for.
All I will do is return it
to the agreement
previously in place.
The one you approved.
Raise your right hand.
Now, Steve, you know Clara.
I certainly do.
It's been a rough few days, huh?
Yes, sir. To say the least.
[door closes]
[Steven]
I, uh, already have
an executive assistant,
but I could sure use
a chief of staff
to help me navigate all this.
Um, I... I would...
Yes, sir.
Great.
All right,
first order of business.
The impeachment proceedings
are obviously unnecessary,
but the orders
he put in place still stand.
The lease was illegally revoked,
so you simply have
to override the revocation
and that settles it.
He put the land
in a conservation easement,
didn't he?
Well, the lease was in place
prior to that assignment,
which renders it invalid.
You can let my office
handle that.
Have you been in talks
with company representatives?
Do they wish
to resume construction?
That is their intention
once the lease is reinstated.
[Steven]
Well, let me ask you a question.
Can the estate afford
the inheritance tax?
No.
[Steven]
So they'll sell,
and both the state
and the airport management
will have a new partner.
An unknown new partner.
That is correct.
The airport and
the surrounding developments
are a
public-private partnership.
Why doesn't the state
take control of the land
through eminent domain?
Then we control the lease.
Are you willing to have
the state pay fair market value?
Wait a minute.
You stood before me and
fought against eminent domain.
Well, that was for
a proposed condominium project
with no measurable benefit
to the state or the community.
In five years, this development
will be the largest employer
in Montana.
That is benefit.
I don't think
that eminent domain
is relevant in this instance.
The Yellowstone entered
into an agreement with M.E.,
making a decision
that it financially benefits
the state to purchase the land.
To control the lease is, uh...
[chuckles]
...aside from being
a likely violation
of the Fourth Amendment,
it's a blatant abuse
of state authority.
I mean, the only way to save
a portion of the ranch
is to sacrifice a portion.
Unless the state
wants to designate it
a Montana historical monument
and pay the $1.5 billion dollar
tax burden
on the estate's behalf.
Then find a realtor
and list the property
or schedule an auction.
And if the state decides
to purchase the land,
the state can make an offer.
Eminent domain is gonna
take years to prove,
and that conservation easement,
it's a much bigger problem
than you think.
Their legal fund
is a federal grant,
which is to say,
they can afford the fight.
Let me give you some advice.
Both of you.
Disagree with
John Dutton's policies
all you want, and, yes,
they were self-serving.
All he cared about
was preserving
the boundaries around his ranch.
But, in the process,
he protected this region
from being dependent
on tourism and real estate
for its tax revenue.
Take a good look at Jackson Hole
and its lack of
affordable housing.
Look at the traffic,
look at the strain on
the emergency services,
because that
is what you're inviting.
I have an obligation
to preserve the ranch,
or at least
as much of it as I can.
If the state wants
to purchase the land,
that would certainly
expedite the process
of completing the project.
How much land
was leased for the project?
50,000 acres.
What's land an acre
in the valley?
We had a tender offer of
500 million from the developer.
[scoffs]
Jamie, that's six percent
of the state's annual revenue.
I can't spend that.
Why don't you just
sell them the land yourself?
[Jamie]
My siblings will never sell.
If we want it,
we have to take it.
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
♪
Um, I'm sorry, Governor,
I, uh, I don't...
Thank you for the opportunity,
but I don't think I can do this.
Senator Perry. Senator!
I can't work for him.
[sighs] I couldn't, either.
Can I have a job?
If you didn't like that room,
you will despise Washington.
What about your office here?
Yeah, I... I think
I can make some room.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Clara.
You know,
um, government employees
are bound to keep government
proceedings confidential.
Yes, ma'am, I'm aware.
At the moment,
you're unemployed.
I'm aware of that, too.
Which is to say,
you are no longer
bound by confidentiality.
If you follow me.
I follow you.
Good.
[engine shuts off]
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
♪
- [knock on door]
- [Everly] Yeah?
I'd like to see
your report on John Dutton,
and then I'd like
to see the body.
Uh...
This is...
The Livestock Commission has
no authority in this case.
Next of kin has the right
to see the report and the body.
In fact, it's required.
You run toxicology?
No, we did not.
When COD
is presented so clearly,
we don't run toxicology unless
it's specifically requested.
Well, I'm requesting it.
By the detective
assigned to the case.
[line ringing]
[Dillard over phone]
Hey, Kayce.
I'm at the coroner's office.
I'd like to order the toxicology
and the reexam
with focus on signs of struggle.
[Dillard]
Yeah, sure.
I'll, uh, call over there now.
Uh, I can hear you, detective.
I'll order and reexam.
Thank you.
I'll send over my amended report
once reexam is complete, okay?
Is there anything else?
I'm just wondering
what's on that desk
that's more important
than the death of the governor.
[sighs]
Great. Let's get to it.
Do you know the two
state officials that don't need
a warrant when entering
any place of residence,
place of business
or government building?
Fish and Game,
and officers of
the Livestock Association.
You want to watch me.
Bet your ass.
It's Kayce, right?
He was the governor.
Cause of death was quite clear.
I did not perform
an invasive autopsy
out of respect
for the family-- you--
in the event a viewing
was desired prior to burial.
I'm more concerned
with why he's being buried.
Okay.
♪ slow, mournful music ♪
♪
[Everly] Uh, to get any closer,
you'll need to scrub in.
You can see
the entrance wound here
and the burns from the flash.
We swabbed his right hand
for powder residue,
and the results were positive.
If you were investigating this
as a homicide,
what would you be looking for?
[Everly]
This is not a homicide.
But if you were
treating it as such,
what would you look for?
[sighs]
So...
we are presuming
that a man, or men,
forced the weapon into his hand,
then to his temple,
and then forced him to fire.
I would...
I would assume quite a struggle.
I would look for bruising
from blunt trauma
such as punches,
scratches, lacerations,
none of which are present here.
He would have been asleep
when they came in.
Can I borrow you for a second?
Just turn around.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
When we would do snatches
in Afghanistan,
you would approach
someone from behind...
...make contact
with carotid artery.
[choking]
[aide gasps]
What the fuck?
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
The longer you deprive
the blood to the brain,
the longer the subject
stays unconscious.
[Everly sighs]
[Everly]
There's bruising...
...along the neckline here,
but that could have been
when he fell to the ground,
just like the bruising
on his forehead.
How do you hit
both sides of your neck
and your forehead on the floor?
♪
Abrasions here
on the tops of the toes.
Presents as if his feet were
dragged across the floor.
Turn him over, please.
Indentations here.
from pressure against the skin.
These snatches,
how do you perform one
on a subject that's sleeping?
You'd need three men.
One to hold the legs
below the calves
to eliminate any leverage.
The second would
restrain the arms,
and another to execute
the choke...
in theory.
We would never use a choke hold
on someone
we'd already restrained.
We'd just zip-tie them
and take them off.
Over 50% of autopsies show
some form of cerebral hypoxia,
but there's no means
to deduct how much.
Oxygen is restricted
from the brain in every death.
But this does show signs
that he was forcibly restrained.
And the wounds concur with TOD.
I don't know how to list
the cause of death
as a homicide, but I can list it
as undetermined, which will help
keep an investigation open.
[sighs]
Let me swab the body
for some foreign DNA
- before I release my findings.
- [Kayce] Can you release it now
and update it later
when you find more evidence?
Let me speak
with the detective first.
Mm. You are not one for waiting.
[line ringing]
[Dillard]
Yeah.
You're on speaker
with the medical examiner.
Look. [sighs]
There's clear evidence
that he was restrained
prior to the GSW.
[Kayce sighs]
Based on what
I'm seeing here, you...
you might want
to open this back up.
I'm on my way to you.
No, I'm coming to you.
Thank you.
I'm sorry I missed it.
You were supposed to miss it.
♪ soaring, dramatic music ♪
♪
[phone ringing]
Hey.
The coroner found signs
of resistance.
What does that mean?
Means they held him down.
It was staged.
They're gonna make the change
to the death certificate.
They're gonna open up
the investigation.
They held him down?
That motherfucker.
- He's my next stop.
- No.
He's mine.
- I just got to see.
- Kayce,
you leave him to me,
you understand me?
You leave him to me.
Kayce.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[Dillard]
Have a seat.
She feels pretty confident
that this was staged,
based on the autopsy.
That doesn't mean
a whole lot for me.
I have zero to go on.
Can I see the pistol they used?
Yeah.
- [safe keypad beeping]
- [lock clicks]
That's his service pistol.
He gave me that.
Where'd you keep it?
The Livestock office.
We keep records of everybody
who goes in and out.
And we do have cameras there.
Who do I talk to about footage?
Talking to him.
[line ringing]
Hey, Alice.
Can we get Detective Dillard
at Helena Homicide
a username and password
so he can access
our security cameras?
Thanks.
Make a statement. Big one.
That will send them
running for cover.
You'll never find out
who did it,
but you might find out
who paid for it.
When they kill him.
At least you'll know.
♪ tense, pensive music ♪
♪
Is he in?
He's preparing to address
the assembly.
- Up.
- Excuse me?
Let's go.
I don't need you running
down the hall yelling
for Capitol police,
- okay?
- Kayce.
Kayce, what are you...
Kayce, Kayce, Kayce, Kayce.
Wait, just listen to me.
Listen to me, okay?
I-I know, I know it hurts.
I know, I know how you feel.
It's... You can't listen to her.
Don't listen to her.
She's fucking poisonous.
She is rotted from the inside.
Do you think I could do
anything to our father? To you?
For what? Huh?
How do I benefit from that?
I'm out of the will
and there's no way back in now.
I do not benefit
from a fucking airport.
The ranch benefits,
which is to say, you benefit.
Your son benefits.
Look at me. Look me in the eye.
I had nothing to do
with our father's death.
I was as shocked as you were.
But I don't, I don't have anyone
to share my grief with.
I don't have family anymore.
I don't have anyone.
And yet I still fight
to protect that place.
And you got to wrap your head
around selling
big portions or you're gonna
lose the entire thing, Kayce,
the whole thing.
A hundred and forty-two years
of fighting,
gone,
for nothing.
For nothing.
♪ dark, tense music ♪
I love you.
Even if I hated him,
which I never did,
I could never do that to you.
I could never do that, period.
I hope not, Jamie.
I really do.
For your sake and for mine.
What do you want me to do?
Nothing.
[phone ringing]
[Kate]
Attorney general's office.
- Hold, please.
- [phone clatters]
Helena police chief, line one.
[exhales] Yeah.
Upon further investigation
of the body,
the medical examiner
has changed the cause of death
from suicide to undetermined.
Additional evidence
from the scene
has compelled this department
to list cause of death
as homicide.
In addition, the high-profile
nature of this case
and the possibility
of a public figure
holding an office
of such importance
being the victim of a homicide,
- we've asked both the ATF...
- [line ringing]
...and FBI to assist
in the investigation.
- [man over phone] Yeah.
- You watching this?
We feel confident
construction can resume.
Late July is optimistic,
early fall is likely.
I don't think that the end
of July is too ambitious.
The lease will be reinstated
this week,
and the conservation easement,
which was put into place
after the lease was executed
and the payment received,
that'll be revoked.
It will take a court order,
but however fast we can get this
in front of a judge
is-is the only barrier
to resuming construction.
[clears throat]
Excuse me.
- Um...
- Excuse me.
[recedes] So, pending
that court decision...
- ♪
- [speaking inaudibly]
[people murmuring]
Leslie.
Did you get my message?
Okay. It's all clear.
How's everybody doing?
- We're good.
- Good. Good. Good to see you.
Hey, how's it going?
[Steven]
Quite the turn of events.
Yes.
Is it legitimate?
Precautionary.
Circumstantial, at best.
But it needs to be played out.
Mm-hmm.
You know how we look
standing here on the day
this is announced,
revoking every order
he put in place on behalf
of a multibillion-dollar
private equity fund.
We look complicit.
Sure wish I'd known this
six hours ago, Jamie,
in my fucking office.
Wish I would have known it, too.
It is a, uh, sad day
for the state of Montana.
And in light of new information,
a cause for rage.
Rage that a holder
of the highest office
in this state
could fall victim to foul play.
But the wheels of government
were designed
to endure such calamities.
It is with grim honor
that I stand before you
as the 27th governor
of the great state of Montana.
And proof that the structure
of our government lives on,
ensuring the people
of this great state
that the balance of power,
the line of succession
and the scales of justice
continue unencumbered.
Governor Dutton revoked
a legal contract
when he canceled the lease
between the Paradise Valley
development
and the state's partnership
with the Yellowstone.
He also peddled influence
to revoke zoning allocations
assured by the county.
Today, I am reinstating
that lease
and overriding
the county's zoning assignment.
To further protect the sanctity
and longevity
of this partnership,
I will be invoking eminent
domain on the subject property.
I also order
the attorney general
to recuse himself
from the matter of condemnation
as well as any investigation
or potential prosecution
into the death
of Governor Dutton,
for obvious reasons.
But I will not
execute these orders
in defiance of the assembly,
as all of these actions
have far-reaching consequences
for the state.
All those in favor, say aye.
[senators]
Aye.
All who oppose?
[few senators]
Nay.
- The ayes have it.
- [gavel bangs]
- [applause]
- Thank you.
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
♪
[applause over video]
- [soft click]
- [applause stops]
He reinstated the lease.
Eh, it shouldn't surprise you.
We could have sold that land.
Raised enough to cover
the taxes, or most of them.
Why can't we do it now?
The land trust will sue us.
The state will revoke
the conservation easement
and pay us ten cents
on the dollar.
But they got to do it fast
so we can't sell more of it.
Not supposed to sell any of it.
Well, we can sell it
or we can lose it, Kayce.
There are no other options.
He left us no other option.
Only option we get
is what part we sell
and how much.
[vehicle approaches]
[car doors open]
[car doors close]
[birds chirping]
♪ slow, dramatic music ♪
♪
You have my deepest,
deepest condolences, Kayce,
and whatever else you need.
Thank you.
It's hard to know what I need.
Everything you need
came to you in a vision.
I can help you with that.
[door closes]
[sighs]
I came to offer sympathies.
I had deep respect
for your father,
adversary though he was.
Still is.
He had respect for you.
[chuckling]
Not too sure about that.
My father never spoke about
who he respected.
But he'd sure talk about
the ones he didn't.
If he didn't respect you,
I'd know it.
You have a lot
of big decisions to make.
Not much time to make them.
I am aware.
I understand your father's dream
of keeping this place whole.
We had the same dream.
Still have it.
May I sit?
Please.
I'm not sure of your experience
with the federal government.
Department of Interior,
in particular.
It is a snake that speaks
from its tail
so it may save its mouth
for striking.
They'll condemn
the airport land,
drive down the price per acre
of the rest of the ranch
to the point that,
even if you sell all of it,
you can't afford the tax.
Because the IRS will use
a different appraiser
than the state.
Then they'll offer you
a settlement:
cede the land and they'll waive
the tax liability.
They'll take the entire estate.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
Some they'll fold into
the national forest.
The rest they'll auction off.
I know.
Unfortunately, I don't have
any solutions for you.
But I have spent my time
in your world.
And if you have ideas,
I'm available if you'd like help
fleshing them out.
In exchange for what?
You've wanted this land
from the beginning.
That hasn't changed.
What has changed, sadly,
is my ability to obtain it.
What I want was what
your father wanted.
But I'm a realist.
There's no way
this place stays whole.
But how much of it
can remain like it is?
Pristine.
The way it was
when my grandparents walked.
♪
There, um...
...there are some
private equity groups that...
are focused
on experiential hospitality.
I'm thinking,
partner with a firm
that has a financial interest
in maintaining open spaces.
Sacrifice some of the more
valuable land along the river.
Draft off the development on
the north end of the property.
♪
I am a realist.
This was my father's dream.
It's been my family's fantasy
since they got here.
And in a couple of days,
I'm gonna bury my father
alongside everyone else
that fantasy destroyed.
There is no preserving
this place.
There is prolonging
its collapse.
You know, Bozeman has
doubled in size since 1990.
Will double again by 2040.
One day, there'll be a-a Costco
where the barn is.
We could've monetized it.
We could've controlled
its evolution, but now...
Now, we got a front-row seat
to its destruction,
and there is not a fucking thing
I can do about it.
[breathing shakily]
I got a bunch of overpriced
horses I need to sell.
If you're in the market.
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
I have to choose.
Choose between my family
and the ranch.
Don't seem like
much of a choice to me.
Me, neither.
I don't know what it means.
Choose how?
Choose when? Choose... what?
You're not supposed to know yet.
When the time comes,
you'll know.
And it won't feel
like a choice at all.
It'll feel like fate.
You'll see it, and you'll smile.
'Cause the choice
will be so clear.
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
Do you sell prepaid phones?
Yeah, they're all over here.
You want a smartphone?
No. No. No camera. No...
no text, no internet access.
Oh, so you want, like,
a fucking burner? [chuckles]
No. I want something that
my six-year-old can call me on
and a pedophile
isn't sending her emojis
and tracking
her fucking location.
Got it.
Yeah.
Here's a flip. This'll work.
Takes you right back to 1998.
I need to buy
the cards with the minutes.
Just, uh, fill out
the customer information.
I'm gonna leave you
this money and that's it.
We don't take cash.
Oh, that's not my problem.
You'll figure it out.
♪ intense, dramatic music ♪
Wh-- Miss?
♪
[exhales]
[car alarm chirps]
[sighs]
Mm...
[buttons beep]
[buttons beeping]
[disconnected chime plays]
[automated voice over phone]
The number you have reached
- is no longer in service.
- Fuck.
Please check the number
and dial--
Let's do it again.
- [disconnected chime plays]
- Fuck!
[automated voice over phone]
The number you have--
♪ uneasy music ♪
♪
Fuck.
[breathing deeply]
[yelps] Fuck, shit. [sighs]
You scared the shit out of me.
That's been
the theme of the day.
What the fuck
have you done to me?
What I did is exactly what
we discussed that you wanted.
I just kept you from
the specifics to protect you.
Well, you did
a real bang-up job of it.
Today, I was recused from
everything related to my father.
The investigations,
the land lease, everything!
Not in my office,
not in the governor's office,
but in front of
the entire assembly.
Welcome to
the big leagues, Jamie.
You're playing
with real politicians now.
The governor is gonna
distance himself
from you in every way possible.
He's gonna blame you
and your father
on every misstep that he makes.
It has nothing to do
with your father's death.
It has to do with power,
and he is coming after yours
because he knows that he
can't beat you in an election.
Does he even have the authority
to recuse you?
I can only recuse myself
or be recused by a judge.
Well, then, what
are you whining about?
Oh, nothing.
Just the fucking murder
investigation they opened.
[sighs] Jamie...
do you know how many
clerks and aides
and lawyers and whistleblowers
turn up dead
in some park
or on a camping trip?
How many 29-year-olds
have fucking heart attacks
and it's all over the news,
and you know something stinks,
but nothing is ever
done about it. Nothing.
What proof do they have?
They have marks on his body
where he was restrained
and where he was drugged.
They have a murder weapon
from an office
in the Livestock Association
in a different city until--
Until what?
Who's to say John Dutton
didn't just go get it himself?
It was his office.
It's his fucking gun.
Was it reported stolen?
[sighs] The marks on his body,
he could've
gotten those
when he fell to the floor.
He was a 68-year-old man.
He could've fallen in the tub,
for all we know.
Jesus, just start thinking
like a fucking attorney.
[sighs]
- [glass clunks on counter]
- [sighs]
There is nothing
that connects you.
There's nothing.
There's no phone records,
there's no bank withdraws.
You can look a jury in the eye
and tell them that you knew
nothing and you did nothing,
and it's the truth.
Even if I ran to the courthouse
and confessed everything,
the worst you face
is accessory after the fact
or impeding justice.
I took all the risk,
and I took it for you.
You took it for a $6 billion
dollar development deal
worth three times that the day
construction is complete.
Don't forget why you let me.
You want in that
governor's mansion so bad,
you'd probably sleep in his bed
without changing the sheets.
[grunts]
- [grunts]
- [grunts, groans]
Don't you ever, ever lay
a fucking hand on me again.
♪ tense, dramatic music ♪
♪
Something that
you didn't consider:
when the man
that builds the name dies,
the name dies with him.
You just got a whole lot less
important in this state.
[door opens]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[car engine starts]
[phone ringing]
[scoffs] That didn't take long.
Yeah?
I'm sorry.
That is inexcusable.
Yes, it was.
Lucky for you,
I can take a punch.
[chuckles]
Well, you can give one, too.
You have to trust me, Jamie.
[sniffles]
You have to trust me.
And start believing in yourself.
You have nothing to fear.
Nothing, Jamie.
[woman]
Excuse me.
[horn honks]
- [sighs]
- [window rolls down]
Hi. Our GPS says one thing
and our map says something else.
We're looking for Bumpered Hill.
I've never heard of it.
Are you Sarah Atwood?
- How would you know?
- [gunshot]
Hello?!
[gunshots]
Sarah?
♪ intense music ♪
No!
♪
No! [crying]
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, oh, my God. Uh...
[crying] My number.
My number. Fucking number.
- [line ringing]
- [sobbing]
[operator over phone]
911. What is your emergency?
[crying]
♪ intense, ominous music ♪
♪
♪ slow, sober music ♪